changelog v1.24.4 (#759)
fusedio/fused-docs: docs/python-sdk/changelog.mdx

# Changelog

## v1.24.4 (2025-10-06)

**New Features:**

> - You can now upload a data file to the Canvas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Drag & Drop upload of files anywhere in Canvas view! 
```

**Improvements:**

- `fused.submit` now supports `instance_type` parameter.
- Workbench will remember which page you were on before switching to some tabs, so you can go back.

> - Returning numpy arrays with 3 or more bands will be truncated to two bands for PNG visualization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Returning numpy arrays with 4 or more bands will be truncated to three bands for PNG visualization.
```

2 bands? Not 3? Not RGB?

Author: I was thinking of X/Y, I think that should read three bands

> - Returning numpy arrays with 3 or more bands will be truncated to two bands for PNG visualization.

Author: ```suggestion
- Returning numpy arrays with 4 or more dimensions will be truncated to two dimensions for PNG visualization.
```
